Update README.md (#156)
kubilus1/autoortho: README.md

# AutoOrtho - Automatic orthophotos for X-Plane 11& 12

Orthophoto satellite imagery is something that has been supported by X-Plane
for some time.  However, this requires a large commitment of storage
space and patience since high-resolution imagery would need to be downloaded and prepared
ahead of time.

This project provides a way to retrieve only the satellite imagery you need as you fly,
wherever you choose to in the world!

[![Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/seuguds8GX0/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seuguds8GX0)

## Current Version Software Characteristics

> * Does not remove cached high-res downloaded image automatically, these files can get very large(>100GB) overtime and require manual intervention to delete. (Stored in orthocache folder in the same directory as the .exe executable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does not remove cached high-res downloaded image automatically, these files can get very large(>100GB) overtime and require manual intervention to delete.  They are stored in the configured `paths.cache_dir` (see `.autoortho` configuration file) directory.
```
